big hello to all gardeners
with a challenge
handed
finally the seedlings waited
of my moment
and go free
now the river
here today is the fifteenth
I have seedlings already
Grown up sales
at the time of transplant came
more than ever
look already
i am natural
literally landed
bushes
a tomato
I will leave this part among hundreds
did not have time to grow up
than a week
and here it is the seedling here it is
girl
look at me like this
grew
will have a very hard time and trying
until we collect
ahead of the suit
look beautiful
seedlings
seeds if it is natural
the technology that I advance
already wrote
gives its results
nothing
I have not arrived this year
The only thing of course I will not be cunning
a little bit
walking all the same brought the court 0
literally
until 10 it was good this weather is not
more for sirts
the days of which the seedlings stood on the windowsill
that's the rest of the time
but served by a windowsill
I have it
saved
and quite achieved
what are the results
In my opinion
but really come up
so now what are we doing here
I have two shustik it today
here's to pay
I will
peak replant
I'll do another procedure
This bush I have cooked
and here as you see he is a little charged
me a violin
here
this bush
I want to follow the full process
his height
literally by day
that time when it will be
eight minutes dial
m he completely dug up the purpose
face operations
we'll see
it would be desirable not to create such a thing
growth of one bush
how it will turn out I think that everything will be
in order
let's stop them
these
beautiful
two seedlings yes
everything is very good so far
so in that season I say that every year
we will achieve the result
and you all the more should 9 st
if you try to follow it
technology
get an opinion
the price is literally for the symbolic price not
they are so expensive
cores
tomato taste yes yes
and red unforgettable
let's stop
Veresaeva Tanah start a week wait
dear in a week everything will be
ok
hobby finally started
winter was languishing
now
this is my hobby
will be in full swing since the fishermen are waiting not
will wait
projects are underway
gardener can not wait
when does the season open
many people ask me
my friends than those valera like this
light to do
I remember my time all the time
favorite movie
one of my favorites naturally
Moscow does not believe in tears, remember, gosh
talked about one
the roman emperor whom
began to call
rule stream
what if you saw what I grew up
blood bolsheviks
you didn't call me
that is, he seems to be
used peas
direction rome
and here I don't have any specials of course
that is, I am a simple worker
and such a hobby
full moon
arrange the more
pao soul
the result when you see your work
it always brings a huge give out
creations
I wish everyone to get the same share
creations it's me
Welsh neighbors
eating well
Tomato Tomatoes
let's get down to beauty